#144: exasupport on exit (#145)
exasol/exasol-testcontainers: doc/changes/changes_4.0.0.md

> # Exasol Test Containers 4.0.0, released 2021-07-20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Exasol Test Containers 4.0.0, released 2021-07-26
```

* `bucket-fs-java` was updated to 2.0.1, which changed the method signature or some methods in order to offer better exceptions.
* Deprecated methods were removed from `ExasolDockerImageReference`.

## Features

> * #142: ETC now accepts non-development version numbers like `7.1-RC1`.
> * #143: API to download server logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #142: Added support for non-development Exasol docker version numbers like `7.1-RC1`.
* #143: Added API to download server logs
```
